jam
v. fill or block up (the way) by crowding; (cause to ) be packed, pressed, or crushed tightly into a small space 堵塞；（使）塞满

platform
n. a raised flat surface built along the side of the track at a railway station for travellers getting on or off a train 月台

await
vt. wait for; look forward to

track
n. a course for running or racing; track-and-field sports, esp. those performed on a running track 跑道；径赛运动；田径运动

field
n. an area, esp. circled by a track where contests such as in jumping or throwing are held; the sports contested in this area 田赛场地；田赛运动

squad
n. a small group of persons working, training, or acting together; the smallest military unit, usually made up of eleven men and a squad leader 小队；班

charge
vi. rush in or as if in an attack 向前冲；冲锋

Marine
n. a member of the U.S. Marine Corps （美国）海军陆战队士兵或军官


battalion
n. military unit made up of several companies 营

broad
a. wide, large across 宽的，广阔的

nope
ad. (AmE sl.) no

compete
vi. take part in a race, contest, etc.' try to win sth. in competition with sb. else 比赛；竞争

sprint
n. short race; dash 短跑
vi. run at one's fastest speed, esp. for a short distance

hurdle
n. a light frame for people or horses to jump over in a race 栏；跳栏

broad(-) jump
n.&amp; vi. (AmE) (do) a long jump 跳远

javelin
n. light spear for throwing (usu. in sport) 标枪

shot
n. the heavy metal ball used in the shot put 铅球


tribe
n. 部落

descendant
n. a person descended from another or from a common stock 子孙；后裔

warrior
n. a man who fights for his tribe; a soldier or experienced fighter 斗士，勇士；（老）战士

colorful
a. full of color; exciting the senses or imagination 艳丽的；丰富多彩的

hunt
v. go after (wild animals) for food or sport; search (for) 追猎，打猎；搜寻

outdoorsman
n. a man, such as a hunter, fisherman, or camper, who spends much time outdoors for pleasure

deny
vt. say that (sth.) is not true; refuse to give 否认；拒绝给予

destine
vt. (usu. passive) intend or decide by fate; intend for some special purpose 命中注定；预定

farmland
n. land used or suitable for farming 农田

teens
n. the period of one's life between and including the ages of 13 and 19

prominence
n. the quality or fact of being prominent or distinguished 凹出；杰出

prominent a.

excel
vi. be very good (in or at sth) 突出，超常

wrestling
n. a sport or contest in which each of two opponents tries to throw or force the other to the ground 摔跤（运动）

wrestle v.

lacrosse
n. 长曲棍球（运动）

football
n. 橄榄球（运动）

power
n. a person, group or nation that has authority or influence 握有大权的人物；有影响的机构；强国

halfback
n. (橄榄球、足球等）前卫

incredible
a. too extraordinary to be believed, unbelievable 难以置信的

coach
n. a person who trains sportsmen for games, competitions, etc. 教练

demonstrate
vt. explain by carrying out experiments or by showing examples 用实验或实例说明；演示

maneuver
n. a skillful move or trick, intended to deceive, to gain sth., to escape, or to do sth. 机动动作；策略；花招

opponent
n. a person who is on the other side in a fight, game, or discussion 对手；反对者

trample
vt. step heavily with the feet on; crush under the feet 踩；践踏

punch
vt. strike (sb. or sth.) hard with the fist 用拳猛击

Olympic
a. of or connected with the Olympic Games

limber
v. make or become flexible （使）变得柔软灵活

bunk
n. a narrow bed fixed on the wall, e.g. of a cabin in a ship or in a train 床铺，铺位

hammock
n. a hanging bed of canvas or rope network, e.g. as used by sailors, or in gardens （帆布或网状）吊床

strain
vi. make violent efforts; strive hard 尽力，使劲

demanding
a. making severe demands 要求高的；苛求的

pentathlon
n. an athletic contest in which each contestant takes part in five events 五项运动

competition
n. competing; contest; match

discus
n. a heavy, circular plate of rubber, plastic or wood with a metal rim 铁饼
decathlon
n. an athletic contest consisting of ten events 十项运动

shot put
n. a competition to throw a heavy metal ball the furthest distance 推铅球

utterly
ad. completely; totally

utter a.

breeze
vi. move or go quickly and in a carelessly confident way 轻快地行动

flop
vi. move or bounce loosely 扑动

flash
vi. give out sudden, brief light or flame; shine or gleam 闪光；闪烁

glide
vi. move in a smooth continuous manner which seems easy and without effort 滑动，滑行
feat
n. an act showing great skill, strength, or daring; a remarkable deed, notable esp. for courage 武功；技艺；功绩

glory
n. high fame and honour won by great achievements; sth. deserving respect and honour 光荣，荣誉；荣誉的事

banquet
n. a dinner for many people, at which speeches are made, in honour of a special person or occasion 宴会

ruling
n. an official decision 裁决

Olympic
n. Olympic Games 奥林匹克运动会

professional
a. done by, played by, or made up of people who are paid 职业的
n. a person who lives on the money he earns by practising a particular skill or sport 以特定职业谋生的人

amateur
n. a person playing a game, taking part in sports, etc. without receiving payment 业余爱好者
a. of, by, or with amateurs; not paid lacking skill 业余的

technically
ad. in technical terms; in a technical sense; according to fixed rules 技术上；按规则

trophy
n. a prize given for winning a race, competition, or test of skill 奖品

runner-up
n. a player or team that comes second in a contest 亚军

heartbreaking
a. causing great sorrow or grief; extremely distressing 令人心碎的

league
n. a group of sports clubs or teams that play matches among themselves 联赛协会

spectacular
a. strikingly grand or unusual 壮观的；惊人的

season
n. the period of time during which a sport is played 赛季

youthful
a. young; having the qualities of young people

indifference
n. absence of interest or feeling 不关心，冷漠

indifferent a.

periodically
ad. at regular intervals, every now and then

outstanding
a. much better than most others; very good 杰出的

despite
prep. in spite of

decline
n. losing of power, strength, wealth, or beauty; falling to a lower level 衰落；下降

unanimously
a. with complete agreement; without a single opposing vote 一致地；无异议地区性